#summary Getting started with Python on Symbian S60

== Version ==

We decided that we are going to develop for "S60 3rd Edition FP1".

(I just saw that this does not seem to be the latest version of S60, since there are also "3rd Edition FP2" and "5th Edition" out there.  But I think 3rd FP1 is running on our N95, so we should go with that for now)

http://www.forum.nokia.com/info/sw.nokia.com/id/4a7149a5-95a5-4726-913a-3c6f21eb65a5/S60-SDK-0616-3.0-mr.html

!PyS60 version 1.4.5

http://superb-east.dl.sourceforge.net/sourceforge/pys60/PythonForS60_1_4_5_SDK_3rdEdFP1.zip


== Installation =

I found this to be useful instructions on how to install the !PyS60 emulator:

http://wiki.opensource.nokia.com/projects/Installing_PyS60#Emulator_installation

This link explains how to install !Pys60 on nokia phones:

http://www.mobilenin.com/pys60/pys60_installation_resources.php


== Documentation ==

http://superb-east.dl.sourceforge.net/sourceforge/pys60/PythonForS60_1_4_5_doc.pdf

!PyS60 Wiki:

http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/Category:Python

!PyS60 extension modules:

http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/C%2B%2B_Python_Extensions

!PyS60 IRC channel

http://wiki.opensource.nokia.com/projects/PyS60_IRC_channel

You can use the free browser IRC client at http://mibbit.com/chat/

Just pick a nickname, select the freenode server and connect to the channel #pys60



== IDE ==

You need an Eclipse based IDE to use PyDev:

http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/  or

http://www.aptana.com/studio/download


Then you can install the PyDev plug-in:

http://pydev.sourceforge.net/


Once you have PyDev installed you have to make this setting for it to work with PyS60

http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/Eclipse_%2B_PyDev


You also need an Subversion client to connect to the repository.  Subclipse is a good option for that and I think Aptana already comes with it.

Here is more option about connecting to the Google Code repository:

http://code.google.com/p/talkingpoints-2/source/checkout



== Books ==

Rapid GUI programming with Python and Qt

http://proquest.safaribooksonline.com.proxy.lib.umich.edu/9780132354189

Learning Python

http://proquest.safaribooksonline.com.proxy.lib.umich.edu/9780596513986 

== Articles/Documents ==

1) How to build an application? -> 9 steps that can be helpful
http://www.mobilenin.com/pys60/info_%20how_to_build_an_pys60_app.htm

2) Reading Chapter 3 and 4 in the Pys60 1.4.5 doc

3) Attached 2 PDF Files: A good explanation about thread and process,
the structure of Symbian OS.

4) http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/Basic_PyS60_Application:_Series1
http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/Basic_PyS60_Application:_Series2
http://wiki.forum.nokia.com/index.php/Basic_PyS60_Application:_Series3

Just as a side note, this is a link for a pervasive computing course using
PyS60 at MIT. If interested, follow this link:
http://people.csail.mit.edu/rudolph/Teaching/Lectures07/

Socket Programming:
http://www.python.org/doc/2.2.3/lib/module-socket.html


Very cool tutorial:
http://symbianresources.com/tutorials/general/python/Python.pdf

Mobile Programming in Python using PyS60: UI controls
:Here is a document that briefly explains UI controls in PyS60.

http://www.devshed.com/c/a/Python/Mobile-Programming-in-Python-using-PyS60-UI-Controls/